empeopled was first founded in 2012 and was, to our knowledge, the first DAO prototypes that lent BTC for yield in a communal treasury with communal governance (albeit on a centralized infrastructures, since that's all there was at the time). 

It was a bit too far ahead of its time and failed :)

Fast forward to today and decentralized tech and DAO concepts have progressed immensely...

This is now our open-source attempt to bring the core of our ideas on-chain in a minimal framework that allows for infinite complexity and dynamism 

To start a 'country' one merely mints two basic smart contracts. those smart contracts are the 'laws' and governance-logic (how community decisions are made logic) components of a country. 

Initially the founding wallet is automatically assigned as a dictator in the country (governance logic) such that they can make any changes they want. This includes changing the governance logic so that it may become a new system, like democracy, weighted token voting, or whatever. 

Further, they can add 'laws' which are just smart contract addresses that become officially incorporated into the country upon being added (which must be validated by the relevant governance logic).

This means that smart contracts can be added and deleted as functionality needs change, while the governance logic dynamically changes to their needs. 

Additionally, this introduces modularity whereby each of these smart contracts can have its own governance logic attached to it, which means you can have democratic elements, dictatorial elements, or any other custom governance logic on a function by function basis (contract by contract). 

This bare minimalist foundation is intentional such that there is no reliance upstream to the framework. You build what you want with whom you want and there's nothing anyone else can do to mess it up for you (as a community). 

Good luck. 

Learn more on our YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGk3c66Ir4VQst6Zl8_dMFw/null

Join us on Discord: discord.gg/wQkS6m7bEd

